Alpha zoe objects updates the Zoe API docs with the contents of the Zoe Records doc, and documents new significant objects such as the two seat facets. (#271)
Agoric/documentation: main/zoe/api/zoe.md

Takes bundled source code for a Zoe contract as an argument and installs the code on Zoe.
Returns an `installation` object. 

An `installation` is an object with two properties:

> - `installationHandle`: An opaque identifier, used as the table key **tyg todo: What table?**

Reviewer: The installationHandle is gone. installation is now an object. Its only method is getBundle(), which returns the source for the contract as a string.

- Returns: `{Promise<Instance>}`

Returns a `Promise` for the contract `instance` the `invitation` is part of.

> An `Instance` record has six properties: 

Reviewer: InstanceRecord is gone. The instance object is opaque. (it's a handle without any properties other than identity.)  It represents a particular installed instance of a contract.

It can be obtained from calling `E(zoe).startInstance()` or from an invitation. 
It is a required parameter in `getBrands()`, `getTerms()`, `getIssuers()`, `getPublicFacet()`.

- Returns: `{Promise<Installation>}`

Returns a `Promise` for the contract `installation` the `invitation`'s contract `instance` uses.

An `installation` is an object with two properties:
- `installationHandle`: An opaque identifier, used as the table key **tyg todo: What table?**
- `bundle`:  The contract source code, accessible via `bundle.source`, and other info.

> 

Reviewer: see comment above about installationHandle

`creatorInvitation` is an invitation that the contract instance creator can use. 
It is usually used in contracts where the creator immediately sells 
something (auctions, swaps, etc.), so it's helpful for the creator to have 
an invitation to escrow and sell goods. Remember that Zoe invitations are 
represented as a `payment`.

**tyg todo: In the example call below, should the first argument to startInstance

> be better named "installation" or "installationHandle" i.e. should you call it with the object or a reference, or does it make a difference?**

Reviewer: the first parameter of startInstance() is an installation object as described above.

omitting that argument or passing `undefined`, instead of passing an
empty record.

`exit`'s value should be an `exitRule`, an object with three possible keys for
key:value pairs:

> - `waived`: The user can't cancel and relies entirely on the smart contract to promptly finish their offer. Takes a `null` value.
> - `onDemand`: The user can cancel on demand. Takes a `null` value.
> - `afterDeadline`: The offer is automatically cancelled after a deadline, as determined by its `timer` and `deadline` properties and
>   `deadline`'s value, which is denoted in number of seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `waived:null`: The user can't cancel and relies entirely on the smart contract to promptly finish their offer. 
- `onDemand:null`: The user can cancel on demand.
- `afterDeadline`: The offer is automatically cancelled after a deadline, as determined by its `timer` and `deadline` properties. The timer is a timer, and the deadline is with respect to the timer. Some example timers use Unix epoch time, while others count block height.
```

Do we have a description of timers anywhere? There should have been one with the REPL/wallet discussion, but I'm not sure where that is anymore.

Author: Not really. The REPL docs fell through cracks while waiting for Dean to decide about Registry, and by the time that happened I was working on other things. Also, the REPL docs deal with timerService, and don't have any references to a "timer" object that I see off hand. There is a SwingSet internal doc about it: https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/027d4b6c2fd26f2631245fe1d53205ec8ee44ea7/packages/SwingSet/docs/timer.md

I'll make an issue that a "timer" section should be added to the Distributed Programming Guide (which is really more of a "Here's non-standard JS stuff you should know about" Guide : -))

```js
const myProposal = harden({
  give: { Asset: quatloos(4)},
  want: { Price: moola(15) },
  exit: { afterDeadline: {
    timer,
    deadline: 100,
  }}
})
```

`paymentKeywordRecord` is a record with keywords as keys, with
 values of the actual `payments` to be escrowed. A `payment` is
 expected for every entry under `give`.
 
 `offer()` returns a `promise` for a `userSeat`. 
```js
const paymentKeywordRecord = { 
  'Asset' : quatloosPayment, 
  'Price' : moolaPayment 
};
```
### UserSeat object

Zoe uses `seats` to represent `offers`, and has two `seat` facets a `ZCFSeat` and a `UserSeat`.

`Seats` represent active `offers` and let contracts and users interact with them. `ZCFSeats` 
are used within contracts and with `zcf.` methods. `UserSeats` represent `offers` external to 
Zoe and the contract. The party who exercises an `invitation` and sends the `offer()` message
to Zoe gets a `UserSeat` that can check `payouts`' status or retrieve their `offer` result.
The result is whatever the contract chooses to return. This varies, but examples

> are a `string` and an `invitation` for another user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are a `string` and an `invitation` for another seat.
```

Also, a `userSeat` can be handed to an agent outside Zoe and the contract, letting
them query or monitor the current state, access the `payouts` and result,
and, if it's allowed for this `seat`, call `tryExit()`. 

> Since you can potentially exit the `seat` if you have a reference to it, you should
> only share your `UserSeat` with very trusted parties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since anyone can attempt to exit the `seat` if they have a reference to it,
you should only share a `UserSeat` with trusted parties.
```

"trusted" parties is a technical term for us. No need for "very trusted".

A `UserSeat` has eight methods, six of which are 'get' methods. Of these six,
three (`getCurrentAllocation()`, `hasExited()`, `getNotifier()`) return values
from the `seat`'s current state, one (`getProposal()`) returns a value from an
unchanging state (i.e. You can't change the `proposal` associated with a `seat`),
and three (`getPayouts()`, `getPayout()`, `getOfferResult()`) extract a result.

> Another is 
> a `boolean` returning test, and the last attempts an action. Note that `tryExit()` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another is a   test that returns a `boolean`, 
and the last attempts an action. Note that `tryExit()` 
```

only works if the `seat`'s `proposal` has `OnDemand` for its `exit` clause.  

- `getCurrentAllocation()`
  - Returns: `{ Promise<Allocation> }`
  - An `Allocation` is an `AmountKeywordRecord` of key-value pairs where
    the key is a keyword such as `Asset` or `Price` applicable to the

>     contract. The value is an `amount` with its `value` and `brand`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    contract. The value is an `amount`. 
```

Not worth explaining 'amounts' here.

    
    `Allocations` represent the `amounts` to be paid out to each `seat` on exit. 
    Possible exits are exercising an exit condition, the contract's explicit choice, 

>     or a crash or freeze. There are several methods for finding out what `amount` 

Reviewer: as before

    a current `allocation` is.
    
    An `Allocation` example:
    - ```js
      {
        Asset: quatloosAmountMath.make(5),
        Price: moolaAmountMath.make(9)
      }
      ```
- `getProposal()`
  - Returns: `{ Promise<ProposalRecord> }`
  - A `Proposal` is represented by a `ProposalRecord`. It is the rules
    accompanying the escrow of `payments` dictating what the user expects
    to get back from Zoe. It has keys `give`, `want`, and
   `exit`. `give` and `want` are records with keywords as keys and
    `amounts` as values. The proposal is a user's understanding of the
    contract that they are entering when they make an offer. See

>     `E(zoe).offer()` for full details.  

Reviewer: Rather than framing it as "the user's understanding", "proposal" is a better metaphor. The user can propose whatever they want. If it's compatible with the contract, the contract will try to satisfy it. If not, the contract will refuse it and kick the seat out. In both cases, Zoe enforces offer safety. If the seat gets kicked out, the user gets back what they put in. If the contract makes an attempt to satisfy them, then they'll either get what they asked for, or Zoe will ensure they get back their deposit.

  - Example:
    ```js
    const { want, give, exit } = sellerSeat.getProposal();
    ```
- `getPayouts()`
  - Returns: `{ Promise<PaymentPKeywordRecord> }`
  - A `payout` is a `payment` that goes to a party in a successful transaction, redirecting

>     escrowed assets in accordance with the result of the transaction. Returns a record
>     of all the `payout` `payments` associated with the `seat`'s offers.

Reviewer: sorry, but "Returns a record of all the payouts" sounds a little like a receipt. In this case it contains actual payments.
```suggestion
    escrowed assets in accordance with the result of the transaction. Returns a record
    containing all the `payout` `payments` associated with the `seat`'s offers.
```

- `getPayout(keyword)`
  - Returns: `{ Promise<Payment> }`
  - A `payout` is a `payment` that goes to a party in a successful transaction, redirecting
    escrowed assets in accordance with the result of the transaction. Returns the `payout`
    `payment` associated with the `keyword` argument.
- `getOfferResult()`
  - Returns: `{ Promise<OfferResult> }`
  - The returned `OfferResult` can be literally anything. For example, in tests
    for the Automated Refund Dapp, it's the string "The offer was accepted". In
    the Covered Call example, it's a call option, which is an assayable `invitation`
    to buy the underlying asset. Strings and invitations are the most common things returned.

>     The value is set by the returned result of  the `offerHandlers` method argument to `zcf.makeInvitation()`. **tyg todo: Not sure what the
>     offerHandlers look like/are represented.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The value is set by the returned result of  the `offerHandlers` function passed as 
     an argument to `zcf.makeInvitation()`.
```
Aside for TYG:
We need to explain somewhere the shape of a contract.

The outer framework of a contract looks like:
``` js
const start = zcf => {
  ...
  return { creatorInvitation /* etc. */ };
};

harden(start);
export { start };
```
somewhere inside it'll define a handler:
``` js
    /** @type {OfferHandler} */
    const matchingSeatOfferHandler = matchingSeat => {  ...  };
```
and then make an invitation with it
``` js
    const matchingSeatInvitation = zcf.makeInvitation(
      matchingSeatOfferHandler,
      'matchOffer',
    );
```

- `getNotifier()`
  - Returns: `{ Promise<Notifier> }` **tyg todo: See distributed programmming for notifier details. Also see ZCFSeat for query about just 
  how the notifer is used here.**
  - You use a `notifier` wherever some piece of code has changing state that other code wants updates on. 
    A `Notifier`'s framework can handle this interaction such that the publisher doesn't allocate storage, 
    or track subscribers. Everyone wanting to be notified gets a promise that resolves when there is change.

>     The promise plumbing magically takes care of distributing the notifications.

Reviewer: Stick to info about this notifier, not notifiers in general.

    The updates can be anything the contract wants to publish. For example, you could notify about price changes,
    new currency pools, etc.  
- `hasExited()`
  - Returns: `{ Promise<Boolean> }`

>   - Returns `true` if the seat has exited, `false` if it still active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Returns `true` if the seat has exited, `false` if it is still active.
```

- `tryExit()`
  - Returns `{ Void }`

>   - Note: Only works if the `seat`'s `proposal` has an `OnDemand` `exit` clause. 
>     Zoe's offer-safety guarantee applies no matter how a `seat`'s interaction with
>     a contract ends. **tyg: SHould that be "contract instance"?** Under normal 
>     circumstances, the participant might be able to call `tryExiProoft()`, or the 
>     contract might do something explicitly. On existing, the contract **tyg todo: Should "contract" be "seat holder" or similar?**
>     gets its current `allocation` and the `seat` can no longer interact with the contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Note: Only works if the `seat`'s `proposal` has an `OnDemand` `exit` clause. 
    Zoe's offer-safety guarantee applies no matter how a `seat`'s interaction with
    a contract ends. **tyg: SHould that be "contract instance"? cth: formally yes, but a seat interaction with a contract by interacting with a particular instance, so it's fine** Under normal 
    circumstances, the participant might be able to call `tryExit()`, or the 
    contract might do something explicitly. On exiting, the contract **tyg todo: Should "contract" be "seat holder" or similar? cth: yes, definitely**
    gets its current `allocation` and the `seat` can no longer interact with the contract.
```
